a massive crowd pro-israeli supporters
bust in from all over the
country as they headed out many said
there was one clear reason they felt
they needed to go especially with all
these um Pro Palestinian protests with a
lot of misinformation being spread it's
very important for us to show up and to
show up in big numbers um and support
Israel is not and they did show up
surrounded by intense security the
National Guard called in a massive
police presence with dump trucks
blocking all of the nearby roads on the
stage several hours of speeches and
songs hearing from Israeli officials and
American politicians bring them home
bring them home actors activists and
family members of some of the captives
here for many there is no question they
fully support all the actions the
Israeli government is taking and about
disproportionality like I believe and I
know that Israel is doing its best
despite Hamas telling people to stay and
giving money to the families of people
who die and continuing this Terror
system there is a tragedy of war and I
pray for all the innocent lives that
have been lost but again this is all at
the root of Hamas is evil you look at
Hamas again they're storing kids right
next to rocket launchers they're doing
everything in their power to not let
people Flee for most Hamas is solely to
blame dismissing questions about the
growing Palestinian death to that's
Hamas numbers first off that's 11,000
Hamas numbers so I can't verify those
numbers I don't know if those numbers
are accurate I don't know what out of
those numbers if they're Fighters or if
they're kids or anything and it was
clear in the CH Muslim let's let's take
a stand here against hatred that many
here do not want to see a ceasefire
including the new Speaker of the House
of Representatives
the calls for a ceasefire are
outrageous the Biden Administration is
coming under increased pressure from
members of his own party from young
people marching across the country this
is a very carefully orchestrated event
to send the message to the bid
Administration that he needs to stand
Israel
Washington make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer